写文章的词：

investigate 调查研究 		revealing 	揭示展现			bottlenecks 瓶颈		
incurs 招致引发			versus 对，与…相对			insights 深刻见解
distinct 明显的；独特的 		deploy 部署				profound 	深厚的；意义深远的
leverage 利用				elastic 灵活的；易伸缩的		integrate 求积分，整合		
facilitate	促进				paradigm	范例				exhibit 提出
conventional 传统的		merely 仅仅				discrepancy 不符，矛盾		
exhaustively 详尽地			conjecture 推测，猜想		compromise 妥协		
streamline 使简单化，流线型	pipeline 流水线，管道		comparatively	比较地；相当地
precede 领先，在…之前		sibling 兄弟				Critically 批评地，爱挑剔的	
discrete 离散的			advocate 提倡				agnostic 不可知的
heuristic 启发式的			horizontally 水平地			flip 翻转				
truncated	 截取的			pragmatic 实际的			saturate 饱和的			
broadly 明显地				cascade 级联	 			drastically 大幅度的		
inference 推论				elegant 简炼的，优雅的		prevalent	流行的		
comprehensively 全面地		burden 负担				waive 放弃	
preliminary 初步			negligible 微不足道的		competitive 竞争的		
disentangle 解开			gracefully 优美地 雅致		aggregation 聚合		
partition 划分分割			approximate 近似，大概的	orthogonal 正交的		
counterparts 副本			sophisticated 复杂的		inherit 继承
roughly 粗糙地				contemporaneous 同时期的	cost-efficient
be distilled to 蒸馏到		hence forth 从此			aspect ratios 横纵比
intuitively 直观地,直觉地		stem from 源于			pertain to 涉及，属于，关于
explicit 明确的清楚的		formalism 形式			comprise 包含
recursively 递归地			Namely, 也就是说			perspective 观点
in pursuit of 为了，追求		aforementioned 上述的		negligible 微不足道的，可忽略的
inevitably 不可避免的		lateral 侧面的				progressively 渐进的，日益增多的
succinct 简洁的			Analogous to 类似于		in a sense 在某种意义上
holistically 从整体上		severely 严重的			unambiguously 不含糊的,明白地
i.e.,						To this end 为此			inevitably必然的，不可避免的
showcase 使展现			Likewise，同样的，			incorporate 合并,包含，吸收			
hand-crafted 手工的		ambiguous 模糊不清的		yield 产生
sequentially 继续地			otherwise 否则				identical 恒等的，完全相同的
as well as …也				whereas  然而				tailor 定制 tailor our architecture 
Accordingly相应地			Remarkably 值得注意的		thoroughly  彻底的
In particular， 尤其，特别	consecutive 连续的，连贯的	boost 推动；宣扬
precedent  先前的			intuitive 直觉的			philosophy 哲学，观点
trivial 琐碎的				Most notably 最突出的		resulting  产生的
encompass 包含，包围		conceptually 概念上的 		inferior 差的,次品
de facto 实际上地 			vanilla  原始的				in favor of 有利于
depart from 出发 			variant 变体				mutually correlated  互相相关的
compatibility 兼容性		Essentially 本质上			whilst  与此同时， 在。。。 同时
seamlessly 无缝地			implicitly 含蓄的			prominent 突出的，杰出的
applicable 可适用的			Notably 值得注意的是		conveniently  方便地
cornerstone 基石			instrumental 有作用的		ameliorate 改善
altogether 完全地，总共		prohibitive 过高承担不起的	hinder 阻碍v
sacrifice 牺牲				subsequent 随后的			wash out  淘汰
firmly 坚定地，牢牢的		inherently内在的，固有的	preclude 排除，妨碍
integral 构成整体所必须的	eschew 避免				albeit虽然，尽管
counteract 抵消,中和,阻碍	prevalence 流行			methodology 方法论
Concretely 具体地			Asymmetric  非对称的		Of note is that  值得注意的是
Blurring 使模糊			is paramount for 至关重要的	pertinent 相关的中肯的
excavate 挖掘				hourglass shape 沙漏形状	impede 阻碍
advancements 成就			off-the-shelf 现成的		As a consequence 结果
hamper 阻碍				auxiliary  辅助的备用的		plateaus 高原, 稳定期, 停滞期
solicit 征求，恳求			modular 模块化的 			downstream 下游的
versatile 多才多艺的通用的	dictates 规定命令			probe 调查探查
constitute 组成了			consistently 一贯的坚实地	sacrificed 牺牲的
procedure 程序手续步骤		diverse 不同的				burdensome繁重的
infeasible不可行的			distinguish区分辨别			In this regard 在这方面
in this regime 在这种情况下	concretely 具体的			conjugate 结合的
exhaust 耗尽，彻底探讨		so as to以便,使得,为了		error-prone 易于出错的
centroid 型心，中心			curate 编策				sufficient 足够的，充分的
seemingly 表明上，看起来	in the sequel 结果，后来		mainstream 主流的
attain 达到				eliminate 消除				detrimental有害的
cue 提示 线索 				speculate 推断	推测			implausible 不真实的，难以置信的
qualitative 质的，性质上的	in principle 大体上，原则上	distinguish 区别 辨别
assumption 假设			Very recently  最近			coherent 连贯的，一致的
collapsed 坍塌的，倒塌的	off-the-shelf 现成的		infeasible 不可实行的
consequently 因此，结果	instantiated 实例化			prevailing 流行的
proposition 命题			properly 合适的			descriptive 描述性的
constraints 约束			plausible 看似可信的		mainstream 主流的
bypass 绕过				prone 倾向于,易于

Towards this goal ,

Since …., a myriad of … have been proposed, each building on the other [,,,].

In order to get rid of this restriction and make it optimizable in CNNs 

An illustration is shown in Figure 2, where Voxel-1 has significantly more points than Voxel-2 and Voxel-4, while Voxel-3 contains no point. 

where p(yi/xi) is calculated in Eq. (2) with s(·, ·) instantiated by cosine similarity.

This observation is verified via statistical analysis on the whole validation set. 
Also, the standard non-local block combining both terms performs even worse than the variant that includes only the unary term (shown in Table 2). 
This indicates that coupling the two terms together may be detrimental to the learning of these visual clues, and consequently affects the learning of discriminative features. 


To address this problem, we present …., where …. by …. 
SB showed that it is possible to …., thus doing …

With XXX, the difficulty in joint learning of the whitened pairwise and unary terms is greatly diminished.



Namely, we strive for an embedding f(x), from an image x into a feature space Rd, such that the squared distance between all faces, independent of imaging conditions, of the same identity is small, whereas the squared distance be- tween a pair of face images from different identities is large. 


When making XXXX, our method enjoys 3.6 absolute AP gains. 

There- fore, the joint supervision benefits the discriminative power of deeply learned features, which is crucial for face recognition. 

but as with LLE， 但是和LLE一样

The ideas in this section are made concrete in section 3. 



We materialize this intuition by …

This property enables rigorous quantitative evaluation using standard detection metrics, like average precision (AP). 

With the joint supervision of the center loss and the softmax loss, the highly discriminative features can be obtained for robust face recognition, as supported by our experimental results.  


In this way, the label prediction (the last fully connected layer) acts like a linear classifier and the deeply learned features are prone to be separable. 

In the course of training  在训练过程中

One feat of doing so is the avoidance of heuristic coordination normalization and log-transformation typically used in detectors such as YOLO


We note that our instance segmentation heads have a straightforward structure. More complex designs have the potential to improve performance but are not the focus of this work. 


In contrast, we train networks for joint classification and reconstruction of input data. This enhances the learned representation so as to preserve information useful for separating unknowns from knowns, as well as to discriminate classes of knowns. 


Furthermore, the problem of XXXX has recently attracted a lot of attention in the learning community. 



So these two rules greatly narrow down the design space and allow us to focus on a few key factors. The networks constructed by these rules are in Table 1. 


Our work is motivated to push the envelope further to investigate the necessity of spatial information in the processing pipeline of CNNs. 



Bear in mind that during training, the real-valued weights are reserved and updated at every epoch, while in test-time only binary weights are used in convolution.


While the convolution has undoubtedly been effective as the basic operator in modern image recognition, it is not without drawbacks. 

Recent work has shown that self-attention may constitute a viable alternative for building image recognition models 



By this dynamic scheme, we can not only alleviate the data scarcity issue at the beginning of the training, but also harvest(收获) the benefit of high IoU training. 

This observation leads us to study further the distribution of impact within a receptive field on the output. 

This result further leads to some intriguing findings, in particular that …

虽然目前的CNN模型可以隐式的学到一定程度的位置信息，但是显然是不充分的。怎样更充分的利用绝对位置信息，非常值得进一步挖掘，CoordConv[5]和semi-conv[6]是很好的探索。

In the last few years, we have witnessed tremendous improvements in recognition performance, mainly due to advances in two technical directions: building more powerful models, and designing effective strategies against overfitting.

We hope this will be helpful in understanding deep networks. 

Using this simple approach, accuracy of our models is invariant to minibatch size (up to an 8k minibatch size). 


Attempts to resolve this dilemma have resulted in the development of

We use l to index a layer 

The gradient of the activation is given by:

and thus biases PReLU toward ReLU

So we expect no extra risk of overfitting.

among these advances,

better than or comparable to 

However, pushing the sigmoid outputs to 0 would bring them into a saturation regime which would prevent gradients to flow backward and prevent the lower layers from learning useful features. 


the depth- five model never escaped this regime during training 

inspiration from biology and human cognition

A more realistic way to grapple with this randomness might be to use classifiers that are able to classify objects as unknown 


The encoder is composed of a stack of N = 6 identical layers.

In the following sections, we will describe the Transformer, motivate self-attention and discuss its advantages over models such as [14, 15] and [8].

While Image classification is the de-facto standard for evaluation 


Our goal is to eliminate the batch dependency in the training of deep neural networks without sacrificing the performance gains of BN at large batch sizes. 

	
to improve the representational ability of networks 
 We empirically demonstrate that our approach outperforms SE block across different architectures and visual tasks. 

the aggregation weights are enlarged if the vectors be-fore and after aggregation are close to each other, and they are reduced otherwise. 

Furthermore, it smoothen the flow of gradient and acts as a regulating factor, which improves generalization of the network without relying on dropout. 

An important reason for this large gap is the suboptimal information flow among mask branches of different stages. 
 
Recent efforts have shown promising results for person re-identification by designing part-based architectures to allow a neural network to learn discriminative representations from semantically coherent parts.  


Best viewed in color 

The resulting CapsNet model is named as Colorizer Capsule Network (ColorCapsNet).
	
For brevity,
which equals 1 for k = y and 0 otherwise.

Furthermore, these methods could be applied to optimize the Inception architecture as well, widening the efficiency gap again.

It biases the allocation of the most informative feature expressions [16, 17, 24, 28, 31] and simultaneously suppresses the less useful ones.

That is, the proposed module is designed for easy integration with existing CNN architectures.

heavy overhead

appealing results

The SK convolutions can be computationally lightweight and impose only a slight increase in parameter and computational cost. 

Recently, tentative efforts have been made towards applying attention into deep neural network.

To mitigate this problem

This double confirmed the robustness of the conclusion we obtained from the first experiment. 

to boost representation power of CNNs

In order to tackle the issue of exploiting channel dependencies, 

Top information is gathered sequentially and decides where to attend for the next feature learning steps.

To illustrate the cost of the module 

to study the intrinsic properties of CNN channels

Attention networks show promise for both vision and language tasks, by emphasizing relationships between constituent elements through appropriate weighting functions.

As illustrated in Figure 

and we use them in the present work as well 

At a first glance, such a fact could then be captured and exploited by simply reducing the dimensionality of a layer thus reducing the dimensionality of the operating space. 

Following that intuition, 


In this vein our approach is similar to those taken by [20, 22] and allows to further improve the performance, while providing a glimpse on its internal operation.

We parameterize a 3D bounding box bi as (x,y,z), where …

We treat anchors as don’t care if they have 0.45 ≤ IoU ≤ 0.6 with any ground truth

However their inability to 。。。, and 。。。 resulted in limited success for 。。。 such as 。。。.
we close the gap between point set feature learning and RPN for 3D detection task.

Fine-grained classification 细腻度的分类，from https://arxiv.org/pdf/1409.0575.pdf

Omitting the layer index and biases for clarity, 

B performs better than A by a large margin

Most 3D-based methods either use point cloud data directly or require converting these data into 3D grids or voxels instead of generating BEV representations

a factor-of-4 speed enhancement

the 3D data are downsampled to something akin to 2D image data

We expect carefully engineered lower-level implementation (e.g., in CUDA) will reduce this overhead 


was scale-normalized before 


To reveal the reasons, 


The small additional computational overhead required by the SE block is justified by its contribution to model performance 


Fig. 3 depicts the schema of an SE-ResNet module

merged by concatenation 


To meet these criteria, we opt to  …

The vision community has rapidly improved object detection and semantic segmentation results over a short period of time. In large part, these advances have been driven by powerful baseline systems, such as the Fast/Faster R- CNN [9, 29] and Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) [24] frameworks for object detection and semantic segmentation, respectively.

showing that it is challenged by the fundamental difficulties of segmenting instances.
表明它受到分割实例的基本困难的挑战

We argue that 我们认为

unless otherwise noted. 
unless explicitly stated.


BERT is conceptually simple and empirically powerful.

We emphasize that while it is relatively easy to increase accuracy by increasing capacity (going deeper or wider), methods that increase accuracy while maintaining (or reducing) complexity are rare in the literature.

While sliding window approaches never completely disappeared, they had gone out of favor after the heydays of HOG due to the …

XXX has been attracting increasing attention for efficient, yet accurate, visual recognition.
In this paper we tackle the problem of

We have seen that simple gather-excite operators without learned parameters can offer an effective mechanism for exploiting context. To further explore the design space for these pairings, we next consider the introduction of parameters into the gather function 


The central issue can be distilled to the following 

Object proposal methods were adopted as external modules independent of the detectors 

The limitation originates from 


Analogous to …. that …., we ….  类似于。。。做了。。。,我们。。。


Without bells and whistles,  没有花里胡哨

on the contrary, …

An important property of our approach is that it  is

…, making this approach impractical for real applications.

Aside from be capable of doing …., SB are also more …

in the era of …

Besides advantage 1, one big advantage of … is  …

To the best of our knowleadge

The motivation given by Xu Ma et al. [32] is …

The use of … back to REFERENCE[11], if not earlier.

A exhibits considerably simpler designs than B…

We empirically demonstrate that ….

in a more succinct reformulations 更简洁的重构

combinations of components yield excellent neural network recipes 产生，导致 	

a simple yet effective strategy of …

Ablation experiments suggest that (i)….;(ii)….; (iii)….;

没有参数的层，就是 no learnable layer, nearly cost-free

Most remarkably 最显著的是

its capacity to … is not fully explored 它。。。的能力还未被完全挖掘

has prevailed on 在。。。流行/获胜

in stark contrast to 与之形成鲜明对比

XX is composed of two modules

A differs from B in that …

Following best practices

Across all three XXX we observe that …
 The work by [1] exploits (domain knowledge)-…
					
We show that A significantly outperforms B, with a mAP of 9% versus 1%.

The key insight behind this idea is that

but this will bias towards negative samples as they are dominate.

If the XX outliers are not ignored in training, they introduce large, difficult to correct error terms in the objective, and training does not converge. 

Somewhat surprisingly, the RPN still leads to a competitive result (55.1%)

This is a promising result

In table 4 we compare with previous state-of-art methods.

Among these methods,

Despite having comparable accuracy, our method is much faster than R-CNN.

Another noteworthy behavior of `1 regularization arises when, in the data set, we have variables that are strongly correlated. In this case, from each group of correlated variables, the algorithm selects only one of them.

Similar phenomena are also shown on the XX set, suggesting that the XX and the effects of our method are not just akin to a particular dataset.   it is worth noticing that

Thus far we have described ….

We comprehensively evaluate our method on the “name” benchmark.

Next, we disentangle the RPN’s influence on ….. For this purpose, we …

As a comparison 

The central idea of ResNet is to …

with respect to 关于

We find the impact of pre-activation is twofold 我们发现预激活的影响是双重的

In this paper, we streamline the training process for state- of-the-art ConvNet-based object detectors 

The small additional computational overhead required by the SE block is justified by its contribution to model performance. 

This further highlights the division of labor in our approach which largely decouples classification and segmentation. 

It should be noted that   

Meanwhile, attention module are increasingly applied in image vision field.

To overcome these barriers

These structures are expressed through an architectural framework, independent of the choice of backbone, for compatibility with current and future networks. 

Our iterative deep aggregation likewise raises resolution, but further deepens the representation by non- linear and progressive fusion. 

Rather than only routing  …

The hierarchical deep aggregation function Tn, with depth n, is formulated as 

This avoid overhead for aggregation structures.



Driven by the success of using high-resolution features for region-level and pixel-level tasks, this paper proposes a fish-like network, namely FishNet, which enables the features of high resolution to contain high-level semantic information. In this way, features pre-trained from image classification are more friendly for region and pixel level tasks. 

Comprehensive ablation studies are presented on the Kinetics [27] and Charades [44] datasets. 

our method achieves results on par with or better than the latest competitions winners on both datasets.

which significantly reduces the number of parameters from C·C to 2·C·C/r

This observation leads us to propose a novel deep convolutional neural network architecture inspired by Inception 

This is a departure from earlier VGG-style networks which were stacks of simple convolution layers. 

pipeline 管道,流水线;设计模式		cubic 立方的；三次的		grain 纹理；颗粒,谷物 
fine-grained 细粒度(精细化操作)	contrast 差异；对比度		represent 代表；相当于
negligible 可忽略不计的			empirically 以经验为依据地	identical 相同的
expressive 生动的；有特殊意义的	definite 明确的				analogously 类似地；近似的
subsequently 随后				be sensitive to 对...敏感的	observed 观察到的
accommodate 适应				discipline 惩罚；纪律；学科	remainder 剩余的
invoke 唤起					fidelity 精度;保真度			matricy 度量标准
visually 在视觉上地				intrinsic  本身的；固有的		progressively 逐渐地
conducive 有助于  常见搭配		be conducive to significantly 显著地
marginal 微不足道的;边缘的		scheme 计划；体系；阴谋	hypothesize 假设
notorious 臭名昭著的；众所周知的 (用于diss之前存在的问题,从而印证自己算法的NB!)
remark 值得注意的点			fractional 极小的			be bound to 注定;一定要
refactor 重构					irrespective 无关的,不考虑的	asynchronous 异步的 (EE领域paper常见单词)
handy 方便的；易于使用的		volatile 变化无常的,易变的；轻快的(此单词在pytorch中经常看到)
compatible 相容的；能共处的 	identify 找到，返现；确认	to the point 中肯地；贴题
intuitive 凭直觉的；直观的		fashion 方法				pathological  病态的
thereby 因此					encouraging 令人鼓舞的		time-consuming 耗时的
in the context of 在...情况下；在....背景下					destructive 破坏性的；消极的
slack 懈怠的；松弛的			intrinsically 本质上；真正的	deteriorate 恶化；变坏
transparent 透明的；坦白的		vulnerable 脆弱的			mutation 转变；基因突变
aesthetic 美观的				versus  prep.对抗；与...相对	blurry 模糊不清的
entail 导致；必须要				carry out 开展....			indispensable 必不可少的
retrieve 恢复；取回				additive 添加剂			hence 因此
term 条件，说法，措辞			resistance 抵抗，抵制		magnitude 重大，巨大；大小
temporal 时间的				latch 门闩；把...闩上		span 持续时间段
erase 消除，抹去				transmit 传播				assess 估算；评价
discrete 分离的				hamper 阻碍				precondition 先决条件；预处理
in real case 在实际案例中		asymptotically 渐进地		calibration 标定；校准
fringe 边缘					spectrum 光谱，频谱；范围	occupy 占用；占据
in the sense that 从这个意义上来说						of arbitrary 任意的
fluctuation 波动				faithfully 忠实地；如实地		conduction 电导；传导性
dominant 占优势的；统治的		is central to 是..关键		sophisticated 复杂的；精致的；有经验的
inference 推断					abstract 提取				concisely 简洁地
deploy 部署；有效利用			sane 神志正常的			recipe 处方，秘诀
infrastructure 基础设施			broad 明显的；宽阔的		derivation 引出,导出; 求导; 起源，由来
compatibility 适合；通用性		comprehensive 综合的；广泛的；用理解力的
preliminary 初步的；开端的		supplement 补充，增加		geometric 成几何级数增减的
justify 为…辩解				shed light on 为…提供线索；阐明....
by a large margin 大幅度			clinical 临床的；诊所的；简陋的
ethic 道德准则；行为准则 		vendor 小贩；供应商；卖方	confidential 秘密的，机密的；表示信任的
prevalent 流行的；普遍发生的		gain 增益					explanatory 解释的
bracket 把…括在一起；把…分类; n.括号						mandatory 强制的；命令的
proof 证明，校验				self-contained 独立的；自给自足的
substantive 真实的；独立的；重大的						discretion 慎重；判断力
guideline 指南；指导原则		increment 增量			overview 概述；回顾，复习
enclose 把…围起来				remark 言论；注意的点		in a similar manner 以类似的方式
fractional 极小的				intentionally 有意地			ceaselessly 不停地，持续地
borne 推动；传达；承载			brood 沉思；焦虑的思考		imply 暗示；意味着


一、经典替换词1. individuals, characters, folks 替换 people , persons.

2. positive, favorable, rosy, promising, perfect, pleasurable, excellent, outstanding, superior 替换 good.
3. dreadful, unfavorable, poor, adverse, ill 替换 bad（如果bad做表语，可以有be less impressive替换。）
4. an army of, an ocean of, a sea of, a multitude of, a host of, if not most 替换 many.
5. a slice of, quiet a few 替换 some.
6. harbor the idea that, take the attitude that, hold the view that, it is widely shared that, it is universally acknowledged that 替换 think。
7. affair, business, matter 替换 thing.
8. shared 替换 common .
9. reap huge fruits 替换 get many benefits.
10. for my part ,from my own perspective 替换 in my opinion.

11. Increasing(ly), growing 替换 more and more（注意没有growingly这种形式。所以当修饰名词时用increasing/growing修饰形容词，副词用increasingly.）
12. little if anything或little or nothing 替换 hardly.
13. beneficial, rewarding 替换 helpful.
14. shopper, client, consumer, purchaser 替换 customer.
15. overwhelmingly, exceedingly, extremely, intensely 替换 very.
16. hardly necessary, hardly inevitable…替换 unnecessary, avoidable.
17. indispensable 替换 necessary.
18. sth appeals to sb, sth exerts a tremendous fascination on sb 替换sb take interest in / sb. be interested in.
19. capture one's attention 替换 attract one's attention.
20. facet, demension, sphere 替换 aspet.

21. be indicative of, be suggestive of, be fearful of 替换 indicate,suggest, fear.
22. give rise to, lead to, result in, trigger 替换 cause.
23. There are several reasons behind sth 替换…reasons for sth.
24. desire 替换 want.
25. pour attention into 替换 pay attention to.
26. bear in mind that 替换 remember.
27. enjoy, possess 替换 have（注意process是过程的意思）。
28. interaction 替换 communication.
29. frown on sth 替换 be against , disagree with sth .
30. as an example 替换 for example, for instance.

31. next to / virtually impossible 替换 nearly / almost impossible.
32. regarding / concerning 替换 about.
33. crucial /paramount 替换 important.
34. 第一（in the first place/the first and foremost）；第二（there is one more point, I should touch on, that…）；第三（the last but not the least）。
35. assiduous 替换 hard-working.
36. arduous 替换 difficult.
37. underdeveloped / financially-challenged 替换poor（因为poor通常含有贬义）.
38. demonstrate / manifest 替换 show.
39. invariably 替换 always.
40. perilous / hazardous替换 dangerous.

41. formidable 替换 difficult.
42. quintessential 替换 typical（举例时常用，例如：a quintessential example should be cited that=for example; for instance）.
43. distinguished 替换 famous.
44. feasible 替换 possible.
45. consequently, accordingly替换 so.
46. 通常，由数据推断出一定的结论，用Results indicate, infer, suggest, imply that……

47. 最常见的引述别人观点的词汇
Much of the research in sexual selection in the last two decades has examined how a female’s preference that does not influence her immediate reproductive success can still evolve if it is genetically correlated with another character under direct selection.(不要每次写到研究时总用study，可以用些其它的词汇，比如examine，work。)
Two hypotheses for female preference evolution—runaway sexual selection and good genes selection—

state that preferences evolve indirectly because they are genetically correlated with male traits that are under direct selection; that is, the preferences themselves are not under direct selection.(在引述别人的观点时，如果不能完全同意，使用state 比show更加中立些。)

Studies of receiver biases suggest that such analogies might not be broadly applicable.(suggest,又一种较为客观的引述观点的表达方法。)
Burley argued that the preference for red beaks is adaptive because it indicates male health, and this preference is then transferred to leg-band color.(argue,引用别人观点的又一表述。)

According to the anti-monotony hypothesis, habituation plays an important role in the evolution of complex vocalizations in songbirds: Increased song complexity reduces habituation of neighboring males and courting females.(根据…)
Previous studies of acoustic and bioluminescent interactions had emphasized potential advantages to group-signaling organization, such as minimizing predation, preserving species-specific signal characters, or increasing the attractiveness of the group.(带有小小的强调)

48.常见的连接词有
However, also, in addition, consequently, afterwards, moreover, Furthermore, further, although, unlike, in contrast, Similarly, Unfortunately, alternatively, parallel results, In order to, despite, For example, Compared with, other results, thus, therefore……用好连接词能使文章层次清楚，意思明确。比如，叙述有时间顺序的事件或文献，最早的文献可用AA advocated it for the first time.接下来可用Then BB further demonstrated that. 再接下来，可用Afterwards, CC……如果还有，可用More recent studies by DD……


二、常用句型Beginning
1. In this paper, we focus on the need for
2. This paper proceeds as follow.
3. The structure of the paper is as follows.
4. In this paper, we shall first briefly introduce fuzzy sets and related concepts
5. To begin with we will provide a brief background on the

Introduction
1. This will be followed by a description of the fuzzy nature of the problem and a detailed presentation of how the required membership functions are defined.
2. Details on xx and xx are discussed in later sections.
3. In the next section, after a statement of the basic problem, various situations involving possibility knowledge are investigated: first, an entirely possibility model is proposed; then the cases of a fuzzy service time with stochastic arrivals and non fuzzy service rule is studied; lastly, fuzzy service rule are considered.

Review
1. This review is followed by an introduction.
2. A brief summary of some of the relevant concepts in xxx and xxx is presented in Section 2.
3. In the next section, a brief review of the .... is given.
4. In the next section, a short review of ... is given with special regard to ...
5. Section 2 reviews relevant research related to xx.
6. Section 1.1 briefly surveys the motivation for a methodology of action, while 1.2 looks at the difficulties posed by the complexity of systems and outlines the need for development of possibility methods.

Body
1. Section 1 defines the notion of robustness, and argues for its importance.
2. Section 1 devoted to the basic aspects of the FLC decision making logic.
3. Section 2 gives the background of the problem which includes xxx
4. Section 2 discusses some problems with and approaches to, natural language understanding.
5. Section 2 explains how flexibility which often ... can be expressed in terms of fuzzy time window
6. Section 3 discusses the aspects of fuzzy set theory that are used in the ...
7. Section 3 describes the system itself in a general way, including the ….. and also discusses how to evaluate system performance.
8. Section 3 describes a new measure of xx.
9. Section 3 demonstrates the use of fuzzy possibility theory in the analysis of xx.
10. Section 3 is a fine description of fuzzy formulation of human decision.

11. Section 3, is developed to the modeling and processing of fuzzy decision rules
12. The main idea of the FLC is described in Section 3 while Section 4 describes the xx strategies.
13. Section 3 and 4 show experimental studies for verifying the proposed model.
14. Section 4 discusses a previous fuzzy set based approach to cost variance investigation.
15. Section 4 gives a specific example of xxx.
16. Section 4 is the experimental study to make a fuzzy model of memory process.
17. Section 4 contains a discussion of the implication of the results of Section 2 and 3.
18. Section 4 applies this fuzzy measure to the analysis of xx and illustrate its use on experimental data.
19. Section 5 presents the primary results of the paper: a fuzzy set model ..
20. Section 5 contains some conclusions plus some ideas for further work.

21. Section 6 illustrates the model with an example.
22. Various ways of justification and the reasons for their choice are discussed very briefly in Section 2.
23. In Section 2 are presented the block diagram expression of a whole model of human DM system
24. In Section 2 we shall list a collection of basic assumptions which a ... scheme must satisfy.
25. In Section 2 of this paper, we present representation and uniqueness theorems for the fundamental measurement of fuzziness when the domain of discourse is order dense.
26. In Section 3, we describe the preliminary results of an empirical study currently in progress to verify the measurement model and to construct membership functions.
27. In Section 5 is analyzed the inference process through the two kinds of inference experiments...

This Section
1. In this section, the characteristics and environment under which MRP is designed are described.
2. We will provide in this section basic terminologies and notations which are necessary for the understanding of subsequent results.Next Section
2. The next section describes the mathematics that goes into the computer implementation of such fuzzy logic statements.
3. However, it is cumbersome for this purpose and in practical applications the formulae were rearranged and simplified as discussed in the next section.
4. The three components will be described in the next two section, and an example of xx analysis of a computer information system will then illustrate their use.
5. We can interpret the results of Experiments I and II as in the following sections.
6. The next section summarizes the method in a from that is useful for arguments based on xx

Summary
1. This paper concludes with a discussion of future research consideration in section 5.
2. Section 5 summarizes the results of this investigation.
3. Section 5 gives the conclusions and future directions of research.
4. Section 7 provides a summary and a discussion of some extensions of the paper.
5. Finally, conclusions and future work are summarized
6. The basic questions posed above are then discussed and conclusions are drawn.
7. Section 7 is the conclusion of the paper.

Abstract
1. A basic problem in the design of xx is presented by the choice of a xx rate for the measurement of experimental variables.
2. This paper examines a new measure of xx in xx based on fuzzy mathematics which overcomes the difficulties found in other xx measures.
3. This paper describes a system for the analysis of the xx.
4. The method involves the construction of xx from fuzzy relations.
5. The procedure is useful in analyzing how groups reach a decision.
6. The technique used is to employ a newly developed and versatile xx algorithm.
7. The usefulness of xx is also considered.
8. A brief methodology used in xx is discussed.

9. The analysis is useful in xx and xx problem.
10. A model is developed for a xx analysis using fuzzy matrices.
11. Algorithms to combine these estimates and produce a xx are presented and justified.
12. The use of the method is discussed and an example is given.
13. Results of an experimental applications of this xx analysis procedure are given to illustrate the proposed technique.
14. This paper analyses problems in
15. This paper outlines the functions carried out by ...
16. This paper includes an illustration of the ...

17. This paper provides an overview and information useful for approaching
18. Emphasis is placed on the construction of a criterion function by which the xx in achieving a hierarchical system of objectives are evaluated.
19. The main emphasis is placed on the problem of xx
20. Our proposed model is verified through experimental study.
21. The experimental results reveal interesting examples of fuzzy phases of: xx, xx
22. The compatibility of a project in terms of cost, and xx are likewise represented by linguistic variables.
23. A didactic example is included to illustrate the computational procedure

Time
1. Over the course of the past 30 years, .. has emerged form intuitive
2. Technological revolutions have recently hit the industrial world
3. The advent of ... systems for has had a significant impact on the
4. The development of ... is explored
5. During the past decade, the theory of fuzzy sets has developed in a variety of directions
6.The concept of xx was investigated quite intensively in recent years
7. There has been a turning point in ... methodology in accordance with the advent of ...

8. A major concern in ... today is to continue to improve...
9. A xx is a latecomer in the part representation arena.
10. At the time of this writing, there is still no standard way of xx
11. Although a lot of effort is being spent on improving these weaknesses, the efficient and effective method has yet to be developed.
12. The pioneer work can be traced to xx [1965].
13. To date, none of the methods developed is perfect and all are far from ready to be used in commercial systems.

Objective / Goal / Purpose
1. The purpose of the inference engine can be outlined as follows:
2. The ultimate goal of the xx system is to allow the non experts to utilize the existing knowledge in the area of manual handling of loads, and to provide intelligent, computer aided instruction for xxx.
3. The paper concerns the development of a xx
4. The scope of this research lies in
5. The main theme of the paper is the application of rule based decision making.
6. These objectives are to be met with such thoroughness and confidence as to permit ...
7. The objectives of the ... operations study are as follows:
8. The primary purpose/consideration/objective of
9. The ultimate goal of this concept is to provide
10. The main objective of such a ... system is to

11. The aim of this paper is to provide methods to construct such probability distribution.
12. In order to achieve these objectives, an xx must meet the following requirements:
13. In order to take advantage of their similarity
14. more research is still required before final goal of ... can be completed
15. In this trial, the objective is to generate...
16. for the sake of concentrating on ... research issues
17. A major goal of this report is to extend the utilization of a recently developed procedure for the xx.
18. For an illustrative purpose, four well known OR problems are studied in presence of fuzzy data: xx.
19. A major thrust of the paper is to discuss approaches and strategies for structuring ..methods
20. This illustration points out the need to specify

21. The ultimate goal is both descriptive and prescriptive.
22. Chapter 2. Literature Review
23. A wealth of information is to be found in the statistics literature, for example, regarding xx
24. A considerable amount of research has been done .. during the last decade
25. A great number of studies report on the treatment of uncertainties associated with xx.
26. There is considerable amount of literature on planning
27. However, these studies do not provide much attention to uncertainty in xx.
28. Since then, the subject has been extensively explored and it is still under investigation as well in
methodological aspects as in concrete applications.
29. Many research studies have been carried out on this topic.
30. Problem of xx draws recently more and more attention of system analysis.

31. Attempts to resolve this dilemma have resulted in the development of
32. Many complex processes unfortunately, do not yield to this design procedure and have, therefore, not yet been automated.
33. Most of the methods developed so far are deterministic and /or probabilistic in nature.
34. The central issue in all these studies is to
35. The problem of xx has been studied by other investigators, however, these studies have been based upon classical statistical approaches.
36. Applied ... techniques to
37. Characterized the ... system as
38. Developed an algorithm to
39. Developed a system called ... which
40. Uses an iterative algorithm to deduce

41. Emphasized the need to
42. Identifies six key issues surrounding high technology
43. A comprehensive study of the... has been undertaken
44. Much work has been reported recently in these filed
45.Proposed/Presented/Statethat/Described/Illustrated/Indicated/Hasshown/showed/Address/Highlights
46. Point out that the problem of
47. A study on ...was done / developed by []
48. Previous work, such as [] and [], deal only with
49. The approach taken by [] is
50. The system developed by [] consists

51. A paper relevant to this research was published by []
52. []'s model requires consideration of...
53. []' model draws attention to evolution in human development
54. []'s model focuses on...
55. Little research has been conducted in applying ... to
56. The published information that is relevant to this research...
57. This study further shows that
58. Their work is based on the principle of
59. More history of ... can be found in xx et al. [1979].
60. Studies have been completed to established

61. The ...studies indicated that
62. Though application of xx in the filed of xx has proliferated in recent years, effort in analyzing xx, especially xx, is lacking.
Problem / Issue / Question
63. Unfortunately, real-world engineering problems such as manufacturing planning do not fit well with this narrowly defined model. They tend to span broad activities and require consideration of multiple aspects.
64. Remedy / solve / alleviate these problems
67. ... is a difficult problem, yet to be adequately resolved
68. Two major problems have yet to be addressed
69. An unanswered question
70. This problem in essence involves using x to obtain a solution.

三、一些常用的短语及句式“In order to prove…., we used…”；“We have set up….”；“To demonstrate…., we further…”；“Consistently/Consistent with…”；“Compared with….”；“Thus, at current time, we have evidence that…”；“We next characterized…”；“We found that…”；“We have noticed that….”；“It’s known that….”；“So we introduced….in our study”；“In contrast…”；“These data suggest that….”；“So we next explored….”；“Notably,

….”；“Importantly, ….”；“Furthermore….”；“Moreover….”；“We have previously shown that….”；“As shown in Fig. 1,…..”；“Fig. 1 shows….”；“Overall,….”；“Taken together, these results suggest….”；“These data are consistent with the notion that.....”；“Next, we examined the effect of….”；“We next set out to determine whether….”；“Lastly, we examined…..”；“In order to establish….”.











